now pasher are the son of imlah the
now pasher are the son of imlah the priest who was also chief governor in
priest who was also chief governor in
priest who was also chief governor in the house of the Lord heard that
the house of the Lord heard that
the house of the Lord heard that Jeremiah prophesied these things then
Jeremiah prophesied these things then
Jeremiah prophesied these things then Pasha struck Jeremiah the Prophet and
Pasha struck Jeremiah the Prophet and
Pasha struck Jeremiah the Prophet and put him in the stocks that were in the
put him in the stocks that were in the
put him in the stocks that were in the high gate of Benjamin which was by the
high gate of Benjamin which was by the
high gate of Benjamin which was by the house of the Lord
and it happened on the next day that
and it happened on the next day that Pasha brought Jeremiah out of the stocks
then jeremiah said to him the lord has
then jeremiah said to him the lord has not called your name pleasure but Meg
not called your name pleasure but Meg
not called your name pleasure but Meg our miss a babe for thus says the Lord
our miss a babe for thus says the Lord
our miss a babe for thus says the Lord behold I will make you a terror to
behold I will make you a terror to
behold I will make you a terror to yourself and to all your friends and
yourself and to all your friends and
yourself and to all your friends and they shall fall by the sword of their
they shall fall by the sword of their
they shall fall by the sword of their enemies and your eye shall see it I will
enemies and your eye shall see it I will
enemies and your eye shall see it I will give all Judah into the hand of the king
give all Judah into the hand of the king
give all Judah into the hand of the king of Babylon and he shall carry them
of Babylon and he shall carry them
of Babylon and he shall carry them captive to Babylon and slay them with
captive to Babylon and slay them with
captive to Babylon and slay them with the sword moreover I will deliver all
the sword moreover I will deliver all
the sword moreover I will deliver all the wealth of this city all its produce
the wealth of this city all its produce
the wealth of this city all its produce and all its precious things all the
and all its precious things all the
and all its precious things all the treasures of the kings of Judah I will
treasures of the kings of Judah I will
treasures of the kings of Judah I will give into the hand of their enemies who
give into the hand of their enemies who
give into the hand of their enemies who will plunder them seize them and carry
will plunder them seize them and carry
will plunder them seize them and carry them to Babylon and you posher and all
them to Babylon and you posher and all
them to Babylon and you posher and all who dwell in your house shall go into
who dwell in your house shall go into
who dwell in your house shall go into captivity you shall go to Babylon and
captivity you shall go to Babylon and
captivity you shall go to Babylon and there you shall die
there you shall die
there you shall die and be buried there you and all your
and be buried there you and all your
and be buried there you and all your friends to whom you have prophesied lies
Oh Lord you induced me and I was
Oh Lord you induced me and I was persuaded you're stronger than I and
persuaded you're stronger than I and
persuaded you're stronger than I and have prevailed I am in derision daily
have prevailed I am in derision daily
have prevailed I am in derision daily everyone mocks me for when I spoke I
everyone mocks me for when I spoke I
everyone mocks me for when I spoke I cried out I shouted violence and plunder
cried out I shouted violence and plunder
cried out I shouted violence and plunder because the word of the Lord was made to
because the word of the Lord was made to
because the word of the Lord was made to me a reproach and a derision daily and I
me a reproach and a derision daily and I
me a reproach and a derision daily and I said I will not make mention of him nor
said I will not make mention of him nor
said I will not make mention of him nor speak any more in his name but his word
speak any more in his name but his word
speak any more in his name but his word was in my heart like a burning fire shut
was in my heart like a burning fire shut
was in my heart like a burning fire shut up in my bones I was weary of holding it
up in my bones I was weary of holding it
up in my bones I was weary of holding it back and I could not for I heard many
back and I could not for I heard many
back and I could not for I heard many mocking fear on every side report they
mocking fear on every side report they
mocking fear on every side report they say and we will report it all my
say and we will report it all my
say and we will report it all my acquaintances watched for my stumbling
acquaintances watched for my stumbling
acquaintances watched for my stumbling saying perhaps he can be induced then we
saying perhaps he can be induced then we
saying perhaps he can be induced then we will prevail against him and we will
will prevail against him and we will
will prevail against him and we will take our revenge on him but the Lord is
take our revenge on him but the Lord is
take our revenge on him but the Lord is with me he is a mighty awesome one
with me he is a mighty awesome one
with me he is a mighty awesome one therefore my persecutors will stumble
therefore my persecutors will stumble
therefore my persecutors will stumble and will not prevail they will be
and will not prevail they will be
and will not prevail they will be greatly ashamed for they will not
greatly ashamed for they will not
greatly ashamed for they will not prosper their everlasting confusion will
prosper their everlasting confusion will
prosper their everlasting confusion will never be forgotten but O Lord of Hosts
never be forgotten but O Lord of Hosts
never be forgotten but O Lord of Hosts you who test the righteous and see the
you who test the righteous and see the
you who test the righteous and see the mind and heart let me see your vengeance
mind and heart let me see your vengeance
mind and heart let me see your vengeance on man
on man
on man for I have pleaded my cause before you
for I have pleaded my cause before you
for I have pleaded my cause before you sing to the Lord praise the Lord for he
sing to the Lord praise the Lord for he
sing to the Lord praise the Lord for he has delivered the life of the poor from
has delivered the life of the poor from
has delivered the life of the poor from the hand of the evildoers cursed be the
the hand of the evildoers cursed be the
the hand of the evildoers cursed be the day in which I was born but the day not
day in which I was born but the day not
day in which I was born but the day not be blessed in which my mother bore me
be blessed in which my mother bore me
be blessed in which my mother bore me let the man be cursed who brought news
let the man be cursed who brought news
let the man be cursed who brought news to my father saying a male child has
to my father saying a male child has
to my father saying a male child has been born to you making him very gladly
been born to you making him very gladly
been born to you making him very gladly let that man be like the cities' which
let that man be like the cities' which
let that man be like the cities' which the Lord overthrew and did not relent
the Lord overthrew and did not relent
the Lord overthrew and did not relent let him kill the cry in the morning and
let him kill the cry in the morning and
let him kill the cry in the morning and the shouting is noon because he did not
the shouting is noon because he did not
the shouting is noon because he did not kill me from the womb that my mother
kill me from the womb that my mother
kill me from the womb that my mother might have been my grave
might have been my grave
might have been my grave and her womb always enlarged with me why
and her womb always enlarged with me why
and her womb always enlarged with me why did I come forth from the womb to see
did I come forth from the womb to see
did I come forth from the womb to see labor and sorrow that my days should be
labor and sorrow that my days should be
labor and sorrow that my days should be consumed with shame